Add object detection quantization notebook (#349)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/111-detection-quantization/README.md

# Object Detection Quantization

This tutorial shows how to quantize an object detection model with OpenVINO's
[Post-Training Optimization Tool
API](https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/pot_compression_api_README.html). The
model that is used is [person-detection-retail-0013](
https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/person-detection-retail-0013)

> from [Open Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to quantize an object detection model with OpenVINO's
[Post-Training Optimization Tool
API](https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/pot_compression_api_README.html).
For demonstration purposes, we use a very small dataset of 10 images presenting people at the airport. The images have been resized from the original resolution of 1920x1080 to 960x540. For any real use cases, a representative dataset of about 300 images would have to be applied.
The model used is [person-detection-retail-0013](
https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/person-detection-retail-0013)
```

> This tutorial shows how to quantize an object detection model with OpenVINO's
> [Post-Training Optimization Tool
> API](https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/pot_compression_api_README.html). The
> model that is used is [person-detection-retail-0013](
> https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/person-detection-retail-0013)
> from [Open Model Zoo](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to quantize an object detection model, using OpenVINO's
[Post-Training Optimization Tool
API](https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/pot_compression_api_README.html).
For demonstration purposes, we use a very small dataset of 10 images presenting people at the airport. The images have been resized from the original resolution of 1920x1080 to 960x540. For any real use cases, a representative dataset of about 300 images would have to be applied.
The model used is [person-detection-retail-0013](
https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/person-detection-retail-0013)
```
